add upgrade notice for graphql schema (#5772)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/operations/upgrading/1.10.0.md

Helm maintainers, given the risk associated with changing CRDs. Given this limitation, you need to apply the new CRD to the cluster before upgrading.

## Installing the new GraphqlSchema CRD
You can add the new CRD to your cluster in two ways. The first is to supply a URL that points to the CRD template in the public
[Gloo Edge GitHub repository](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo).

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Gloo Edge - Helm 3" %}}
```shell script
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/solo-io/gloo/v1.10.0/install/helm/gloo/crds/graphql_schema.yaml
helm repo update
helm upgrade -n gloo-system gloo gloo/gloo --version=1.10.0
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Gloo Edge Enterprise - Helm 3" %}}
```shell script
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/solo-io/gloo/v1.10.0/install/helm/gloo/crds/graphql_schema.yaml
helm repo update
helm upgrade -n gloo-system glooe gloo/gloo-ee --version=1.10.0
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

The second option involves using the template that is shipped in the Gloo Edge and Gloo Edge enterprise charts.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Gloo Edge - Helm 3" %}}
```shell script
helm repo update
helm pull gloo/gloo --version 1.10.0 --untar

> kubectl apply -f gloo/crds/graphql_schema.yaml

Reviewer: Since CRD validation was added, the name of the graphql CRD has changed. This needs to be updated to reflect that name

Reviewer: Update: This CRD name change was not added to 1.10 so this is not a concern

For steps to avoid downtime during upgrades, check out the [Recommended settings]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/operations/upgrading/upgrade_steps#upgrading-the-server-components" >}}).

##### New GraphqlSchema CRD

> In v1.10.0, we introduced {{< protobuf name="graphql.gloo.solo.io.GraphQlSchema" display="The GraphQLSchema CRD">}}. This CRD will be automatically applied to your cluster when performing a `helm install` operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Gloo Edge v1.10.0 introduces {{< protobuf name="graphql.gloo.solo.io.GraphQlSchema" display="The GraphQLSchema CRD">}}. This CRD is automatically applied to your cluster when performing a `helm install` operation.
```

> However, these will not be applied when performing an upgrade. This is a [deliberate design choice](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/charts/#limitations-on-crds) on the part of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, the CRD is not be applied when performing an `helm upgrade` operation. This is a [deliberate design choice](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/charts/#limitations-on-crds) on the part of the
```

> Helm maintainers, given the risk associated with changing CRDs. Given this limitation, we need to apply the new CRDs to the cluster before running
> `helm upgrade`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Helm maintainers, given the risk associated with changing CRDs. Given this limitation, you need to apply the new CRD to the cluster before upgrading.
```

## Installing the new GraphqlSchema CRD
You can add the new CRD to your cluster in two ways. The first is to supply a URL that points to the CRD template in the public

> [Gloo Edge GitHub repository](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Gloo Edge GitHub repository](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo).
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Gloo Edge - Helm 3" %}}
```shell script
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/solo-io/gloo/v1.10.0/install/helm/gloo/crds/graphql_schema.yaml
helm repo update

> helm upgrade -n gloo-system gloo gloo/gloo --version=1.8.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helm upgrade -n gloo-system gloo gloo/gloo --version=1.10.0
```

```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Gloo Edge Enterprise - Helm 3" %}}
```shell script
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/solo-io/gloo/v1.10.0/install/helm/gloo/crds/graphql_schema.yaml
helm repo update

> helm upgrade -n gloo-system glooe gloo/gloo-ee --version=1.8.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helm upgrade -n gloo-system glooe gloo/gloo-ee --version=1.10.0
```

```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

The second option involves using the template that is shipped in the Gloo Edge and Gloo Edge enterprise charts.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Gloo Edge - Helm 3" %}}
```shell script
helm repo update
helm pull gloo/gloo --version 1.10.0 --untar
kubectl apply -f gloo/crds/graphql_schema.yaml
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Gloo Edge Enterprise - Helm 3" %}}
```shell script
helm repo update
helm pull glooe/gloo-ee --version 1.10.0 --untar

> kubectl apply -f gloo/crds/graphql_schema.yaml

Reviewer 3: kubectl apply -f gloo-ee/charts/gloo/crds/graphql_schema.yaml

> kubectl apply -f gloo/crds/graphql_schema.yaml

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
kubectl apply -f gloo-ee/charts/gloo/crds/graphql_schema.yaml
```
